## Data Repositiory for Beyond Interfacial Structure: Ion Transport Mediates 
## Cation Effects in Electrochemical Nitrate Reduction -- {insert DOI}
Authors: Madeline A. Murphy, Kara D. Fong
Date: last updated March 2026

### Contents:
#### data - ms figs
Includes all the data arrays necessary for figure generation. Raw data available upon request.


#### figures - compressed
Includes all the final figures in the manuscript and 
supporting information, separated accordingly.
    complete-ms -- final .png files that appear in the manuscript
    complete-si -- final .png files that appear in the si

    ms -- raw .png files generated by the make-ms-figures.py scripts
    si -- raw .png files generated by the make-si-figures.py scripts

#### scripts
##### analysis:
Bulk Electrolyte
    rdfanalysis.py -- script to generate radial distribution functions
    between atom types from the simulations trajectories.

    transport_analysis.py -- script containing functions essential to
    performing the analysis of transport coefficients from the Onsager
    transport framework.

    transport_analysis.ipynb -- jupyter notebook to analyze each simulation
    fitting the MSDs of the trajectories to conpute transport coefficients. 

Constant Potential
    create-lammps-dump.py -- the method used to visualize the charge on each
    electrode dynamically in time with VMD requires a lammps dump file with
    trajectories and charges. This file combines the .dcd trajectory file with the .dat charges files into one dump file.

    ion_pairing.py -- computes the fraction of nitrate ions paired in each layer

    layer-separation.py -- computes the the total charge density of ions as
    well as the charge density on the electrode. Combines the two charge
    densities to derive the electric field and electrostatic potential of
    each cell. Then, determines the EDL cutoffs from the electrostatic
    potential profile of each cell.

    oxygen-hydrogen-rdf.py -- computes the NO3_oxygen - H2O_hydrogen RDF.

    rdf-analysis.py -- computes the NO3_oxygen - Cation RDF.

    replicates_analysis.py -- preforms the bulk of the trajectory analysis.
    Computes density profiles of each atom type and ion pairing statistics
    for no3 - cation pairs.

    water-rdf.py -- computes the H2O_oxygen - H2O_oxygen RDF.

##### example-input-files: 
Includes example input files and starting structures for each simulation type.
Bulk Electrolyte -- Cs, 1.0M bulk electrolyte
        system.data -- input data file, includes the starting structure of
        the simulation cell, including atom types and partial charges
        
        system-npt.in -- LAMMPS inpute file for performing the NPT density
        equilibration simulation
        
        system-nvt.in -- LAMMPS inpute file for performing the NVT production
        simulation
        
        system.in.settings -- settings file including force field information
        for each atom and bond

        init.xyz -- .xyz file of the starting structure
    
Constant Potential -- all constant potential simulations will have the same
input file names.
    Files and description:
        system.data -- input data file, includes the starting structure of
        the simulation cell, including atom types and partial charges.
        
        system.in -- LAMMPS inpute file for performing the simulation
        
        system.in.settings -- settings file including force field information
        for each atom and bond

    init.xyz -- .xyz file of the starting structure

    These 4 files are included for each CPMD simulation type:
        cpmd-lj -- Cs, 1.0V, rep0 with a Lennard-Jones potential describing
        the metal
        
        cpmd-wca -- Cs, 1.0V, rep0 with a Weeks-Chandler Anderson truncated
        potential describing the metal
        
        piston -- Cs piston simulation 


##### figure-generation:
Bulk Electrolyte
    bulk-make-figures.py -- script to generate all Bulk Electrolyte figures
    for the main text
    
    bulk-make-si-figures.py -- script to generate all Bulk Electrolyte
    figures for the si

Constant Potential
    constant-pot-make-figures.py -- script to generate all Constant Potential
    figures for the main text
    
    constant-pot-make-si-figures.py -- script to generate all Constant
    Potential figures for the si

Image Charges
    electrostatic-toy-model.py -- script to generate the image charge figures 
    in the main text